Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
This is a mess.
Somewhere down below,
they dropped a curtain identical to
the one outside to trap non-sorcerers?
Excuse me.
I think I get what they're trying to do.
You're on.
20:39 AOYAMA CEMETERY
Mr. Gojo is going to handle this alone?
I get why but we can
do something too, right?
Like going as backups?
That's why we're going to Shibuya now.
Oh, really?
Give it back.
"Give it back"?!
Having my sister as a backup.
Satoru Gojo is such a lucky guy.
He isn't just another guy.
But you're not just another woman either.
Aw, Ui Ui...
You're really cute.
You don't really think so, do you?
Sister, what you love isn't family,
but the contractual relationship
called family, right?
You know me so well.
That's what I like about you.
Let's get going.
Hello, this is Mei Mei.
Itadori, the destination has changed.
At Meiji-jingumae Station,
a curtain identical to
the one in Shibuya has dropped.
We are going there.
We're going to run.
Keep up with me.
Alright.
20:40 SHIBUYA STATION B5F PLATFORMS
Looks like you're fully prepared.
You're here.
You've done this much.
If you still lose, you have no excuse.
I want to ask you if you have thought
about the excuse for your first defeat.
The curtain covers the entire subway
station, trapping ordinary people.
Inside that, there is another curtain
on the basement five platforms
that prohibits sorcerers from entering.
The cursed spirit or curse user who
dropped the two curtains is between them.
Between them?
Not at the center?
This is just my speculation,
but they might be taking the risk
of putting themselves on the outside
to enhance the strength of the barrier.
Two assistant supervisors
have already been taken down.
Also, between the curtains, there's...
Although I can't be sure...
It's okay. Just say it.
Between the curtains,
there might be transfigured humans.
What are you doing? We have to go.
My sister is sharing
her vision with the crows.
This process requires concentration,
so please be quiet.
It's okay. You can talk.
So she says.
Oh, sister.
I have a rough grasp of the situation.
Itadori.
Would you prefer to kill
many weak transfigured humans
or exorcise a single
powerful cursed spirit?
Well, I guess you would choose the latter.
This is the map.
Transfigured humans are roaming around
and attacking ordinary people
in the basement four.
My guess is most of the ordinary people
are on the basement five platforms.
Your guess?
Because the crows
I sent out had cursed energy,
they couldn't enter the basement five.
The ordinary people were probably chased
and could only go downstairs.
And my crows were hunted down
between the basement one and two.
So, the cursed spirit or curse user
who cast the curtain is right there.
They may be trying to hunt
the ordinary people climbing back up,
or it is related to
the conditions of the curtain.
We 're not sure
why they take that position
and the purpose of
isolating the basement five.
He's there, isn't he?
Just below here...
That guy.
I'm not sure.
Before I saw the patchwork face,
the crows were killed.
But since there are transfigured humans,
he should be there.
It might not be a good idea to split,
but those people in the basement four
could get killed anytime soon.
We will use the exit seven
to go directly to the basement four
and rescue those people.
If things go wrong,
come down to the basement four.
But if possible,
I hope that by the time we reunite
the curtain will be lifted,
the people will be rescued,
and we will have figured out what they
are trying to do in the basement five.
Don't worry, Miss Mei.
Because I will never lose again.
21:03 MEIJI-JINGUMAE STATION B2F
What are you looking at?
You... you are... a Juju...
Juju... Jujutsu sorcerer, right?
You are a Jujutsu sorcerer, right?
Right? I'm very clever.
The cursed spirit with a patchwork face
was here, right?
Where is he now?
Patch... work...
The guy with stitches on his face.
I'm not a fool! I know that.
I'm very clever.
Mahito is downstairs.
I'm protecting the curtain here.
Mahito...
That was how Junpei
called the patchwork face too.
No, his name doesn't matter now.
Barrier techniques are quite difficult.
There are many people who can't use them
even though they're strong.
I'm strong and I can also use them though.
This thing pulled two curtains down?
Strange...
Mahito's sorcery isn't good.
He just said he was
protecting the curtain, right?
In this case, that thing
seems quite suspicious.
Anyway, I should destroy it first.
Did you know?
When humans are reshaped,
they taste worse.
I'm very clever, so I can tell.
You are all the same...
Stop underestimating humans so much.
You're not very clever, are you?
I bet you can't even tell
what kind of curse I am.
Did you know?
In this world,
the stupid ones die first.
Huh? Aren't you a locust curse?
This guy is very clever.
Locust Plague.
A large-scale disaster caused
by the outbreak of locusts.
They eat not only crops,
but also papers, clothes, sheds,
and anything made from plants.
In a day, an adult locust can consume
an amount equal to its own weight.
A swarm of one ton of locusts
can consume enough food
for 2,500 people in a day.
The bizarre chewing noises
continue day and night.
What remains after they leave
is a desolate land
covered by black mucus they secreted.
It is a sight far from calming.
People have feared, hated, and cursed
the demon-like insects.
Such great jumping and biting ability.
And it can even talk,
which means it is a high-level curse.
You keep running around.
Which are you?
He probably won't use any tricks.
Which what?
Are you clever or not clever?
I am... very clever.
Clever guys don't say that themselves.
Is that so?
This is a battle of
two arms versus four arms.
My arms, jaw, and eyes...
are more powerful than that of humans.
But why...
Why am I the only one getting hit?
But I am indeed more clever.
Locusts lay eggs in the soil,
so their abdomens stretch and contract.
The tips are hard and can be extended
up to three times their usual length.
I won.
It indeed had a trick.
But more than that...
You ate humans.
You are prepared, aren't you?
The gap between them was too big
to be closed by such a trick.
Sister.
The curtain got raised.
Let's wait for Itadori so we can go down
to the basement five together.
Has the locust guy been exorcised?
Looks like a capable sorcerer has arrived.
It's a pity. I really wanted to fight too.
But there's no other way.
After all, it's work.
Itadori, you are amazing.
What?
To be honest,
I thought you would struggle a bit more.
You already have strength
equivalent to that of Grade 1.
You're probably the only one
since Kusakabe
to do this without using a technique.
Because it was not the patchwork face.
If it was him, I wouldn't
have had it so easy.
My sister is praising you.
Just accept it humbly.
Thank you. I am really honored.
Are we too late?
Hey, you over there!
Are you okay? Where are the others?
Even if you didn't do this,
I wouldn't run away.
If I did,
you would kill all the humans here, right?
THAT'S WHY I CAME HERE MYSELF
What are those two talking about?
No, there are four.
If you run away? We say...
Do you know when Satoru Gojo
can exert his greatest strength?
Don't beat around the bush. Just tell me.
That is...
when he is alone.
We say...
Don't push.
Even if you don't run away.
Step back or you will die.
They blocked the exit so that I can't see
if there are people on the other side.
Any Jujutsu sorcerers
who fights alongside him
basically just gets in his way.
So we surround him
with even weaker non-sorcerers.
Blood Manipulation.
Slicing Exorcism.
The minimum output of Reverse
Cursed Technique is twice that of Lapse.
It's almost impossible to use
that move without affecting non-sorcerers.
It is the same for Blue.
He probably can't increase his power
to a level that makes attacks effective.
Using Blue to move at high speed
should be difficult too.
Because for non-sorcerers,
it would be like a dump truck
They would die immediately
if it touched them.
In this situation, Satoru Gojo will
just need to take a defensive stance.
Ha!
-Domain Amplification.
I see. I mean...
I should've known considering
you're with a curse user.
Domain Amplification.
This is like Simple Domain
of New Shadow Style,
enclosing oneself within the domain.
Although the guaranteed hit
effect would decrease,
it will always neutralize techniques.
With this, they can attack me.
What do we do about
his domain Unlimited Void?
The only ones who won't be affected
should be Satoru Gojo
and those he's touching.
Suppose...
he is good enough to trap only you guys,
Many non-sorcerers will get crushed
between Unlimited Void and the curtain.
I'm 99% sure that Satoru Gojo won't
use his domain.
On the other hand, you guys can't
use your domains either.
If a lot of non-sorcerers
are trapped inside your domain
he would have to give them up
and use one as well.
You know who would win
in a battle of domains.
Anyway, you have to let
Satoru Gojo concentrate.
Let him focus on cursed spirits
and saving the non-sorcerers.
Hey, stand up.
Come on, get up.
It's okay.
Hurry up. Take my hand.
I said no running away.
Do I have to go this far
for you to understand?
Well, I'm honestly surprised.
What? Are you making excuses?
No, Baldy.
I'm surprised that you guys
thought you could beat me with just this.
I hope you can last at least 20 minutes.
After that,
leave the rest to me and Prison Realm.
Let's play Yamanote Line game
with Satoru Gojo's strong points.
Strong.
Just strong.
Next episode, Shibuya Incident,
Open the Door.
This guy is super rich.
-We were just joking.
Don't mess with me.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org